Where is the venue?
	<a target="_blank" href="https://www.kkcollection.com/the-villa-bentota">The Villa Bentota</a> We'll have the whole villa for two nights, so we have a ton of space to party and chill.
How do I get there?
	We've got you covered! Bentota is about 1.5 hours away from the Colombo airport and there isn't a direct train from the airport to Bentota. Luckily, we're working with a taxi company to pick you up when you arrive at Bandaranaike International Airport (Colombo). Just update your RSVP with your flight arrival details when you have them. You may be sharing a car/van with other guests arriving at the same time.
Where should I stay?
	We will be staying at the venue so don't worry about anything from Jan 31-Feb 2.
What do we have planned?
	Have a chill weekend together and enjoy each other’s company. We will have a relaxed dinner on Jan 31 (Friday) night when people are getting in. The goal is to bond with each other and set the vibes for the rest of the weekend :)<br>We will have a fancier dinner party on Feb 1 (Saturday) night. Prepare to dance the night away ;)<br>The rest of the day(s) is for hanging out with guests and enjoying the locale. Feel free to take some time to explore the area, walk around the beach, and do random water sports. We also plan to set up some optional short excursions (not yet confirmed): a Turtle Hatchery (where you can learn about turtles and see baby turtles) on Friday evening, and a short river safari (where you'll be taken along the river to see some of the wildlife i.e; water monitors) early Saturday morning.
Anything else I should plan around?
	Check-in is on Jan 31 (Friday) in the afternoon and check-out is on Feb 2 (Sunday) at noon. However, feel free to stay in Sri Lanka longer. We recommend visiting Galle and Colombo if you have the time since they're just a short drive away. We are also having our Bangalore reception the following weekend which everyone is also invited to. Please RSVP for that as well, if you plan on attending. This way, we can plan accordingly and help you find a place to stay.
Is the event kid-friendly?
	Of course. The venue has plenty of kid-friendly activities to keep your children occupied.
Can I bring a plus-one?
	Your plus-one has been invited too.
What is the dress code?
	It's going to be over 30°C (90°F) during the day so light, loose clothing and natural fabrics will be your friend. Also come prepared to spend time on the beach or in the pool!<br>We have no dress codes for either event, wear whatever makes you feel good. We just want you to have a great time!
What should I bring?
	Come prepared for the sun: sunscreen, sunglasses, bathing suits. Mosquito repellent is useful for the evenings.<br>Our villa uses a type G plug (like in the UK), so a power adapter might be helpful.
Who should I contact if I have questions?
	For now, you can reach out to us directly. We'll update this answer around December, please check again if you have questions closer to the date.
When is the latest I can RSVP?
	The earlier the better, but please let us know by the end of August to help with our planning.
Is there a registry?
	No, we're most grateful for your presence at our events <3
